Good Afternoon, 
 
I am dropping you an email as I have had a fantastic opportunity cross my desk with a company who specialise in providing a research management platform which maximizes the productivity of professional investors.
The company are looking to hire a Senior Windows Application Engineer. This role can easily become a Lead position within a short period of time.
£60,000 – Senior Windows Application Engineer – (Hybrid) 
Our office is based in Cardiff, however there will only be a requirement to come into the office occasionally, likely to be once a month so you would need to have good travel links to get to Cardiff.   
This role will take on full responsibility of setting up Windows Apps and offering advice on plugins. 
 
The successful candidate should have knowledge in most of the following: 
Skills needed 
 
•	Excellent communication and people skills
•	Windows Applications 
•	Windows Deployment 
•	JavaScript skills or C# .Net Skills 
•	Visual Studio 
 
Interviews will be taking place this week and next via Teams, but I will need to speak with you first and give you more details so if you think this position could be a good match for you please send me your up to date CV asap and I can give you full info and get you put forward.– please note I am working from home so please email me.
 
Please Note: If this position is not of interest and you know of anyone whom it may be suitable for then please forward this on as our client is looking to interview ASAP.
 
Best regards,
 
 

 

 


Perry Flynn
Divisional Leader	T: +44 (0) 118 902 8800
W: www.pg-rec.com
LDN, MCR, BRM
RDG, NYC, ATX

 

 

This email has been sent by Premier Group Recruitment Limited. Registered in England and Wales No. 4894573. Registered address: Premier Group, 5th Floor, Abbey Gardens South, Abbey Street, Reading RG1 3BA. 

This e-mail message may contain confidential and/or privileged information and is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s). Any unauthorised review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message, as well as any other attachments. Thank You. 

*Please consider the environment and don't print this e-mail unless you really need to
If you no longer wish to recieve emails from Premier Group then please unsubscribe
 
