Hi George,

I recently had some roles come in which may be of interest to you - if they are, please reply to this email with a CV (it doesn't have to be bang up to date, whatever you have handy is fine) and if you might be a fit, I'll be in touch.

Full details below:

Titles: Lead Static Stress Engineer & 2x F&DT Engineer
Rate: £40-50/hr
Inside IR-35
Location: Airbus, Filton, N. Bristol (on-site)
7 Months


Lead Static Stress Engineer

The role is for a Lead Static Stress engineer to perform and / or sign-off the stress analysis for A350 Fixed Leading Edge certification, based at Airbus, Filton.
Initially this will involve establishing the appropriate analysis basis for Fixed Leading Edge structures with stakeholder agreement.
The role will involve familiarisation with baseline analysis and the updated requirements and complexities of the current certification task.


Main Tasks and Activities:
Analysis of Fixed Leading Edge structures using Airbus toolsets and processes.
Development and implementation of supporting analysis techniques to manage the data volumes and complex analyses specific to the A350 Fixed Leading Edge; determined on a case-by-case basis.
Compilation of static stress certification dossiers (composites and metallics).
Approval of static stress certification dossiers (composites and metallics). 
Close working with the A350 Fixed Leading Edge team.
Progress reporting to the Delivery Team Leader for the A350 Fixed Leading Edge team.


Job Requirements / Skills:
Proven experience within an aerospace environment.
Prior experience of working within Airbus.
Proven 'hands on' experience of airframe certification analysis; knowledge of Wing structures preferred.
Airbus delegated static stress signatory for composites and metallics.
Strength in problem solving for analysis solutions.
Strong working knowledge of Nastran, Hyperworks, Python scripting and ISAMI preferred.
Ability to meet the agreed delivery plan and report progression of deliverables.


A330 F&DT Engineer

The role is for an F&DT engineer to perform the Fatigue and Damage Tolerance analysis for A330 Wing structures, based at Airbus, Filton.
The task will include investigations into potential design improvements and their impact upon the structure supporting trade studies, it will also involve documentation of F&DT justifications of modifications.

Main Tasks and Activities:
Production and collation of data to enable trade studies and impact analysis to be performed, understand impact of modifications on inspection program.
Analysis of fixed Wing structures using Airbus toolsets and processes.
Compilation of F&DT certification dossiers.
Pre-approval check / approval of dossiers if a delegated signatory.
Close working with the A330 Wing teams.
Progress reporting to Head of Engineering for A330.

Job Requirements / Skills:
Proven experience within an aerospace environment.
Prior experience of working within Airbus.
Delegated signatory preferred.
Proven 'hands on' experience of airframe certification analysis; knowledge of Wing structures preferred.
Strength in problem solving for analysis solutions.
Knowledge of fatigue working method and Maintenence documentation is required.
Strong working knowledge of ISAMI is preferred.
Ability to meet the agreed delivery plan and report progression of deliverables.

Education Requirements:
Degree in Engineering or relevant discipline



Best Regards,
Simon Dunphy
Huxley Engineering
4th Floor, Redcliff Quay, Redcliff Street, Bristol, BS1 6HU, United Kingdom
------------------------------------------------
T: 01179 388088
E: s.dunphy@progressivege.com
------------------------------------------------
www.huxleyengineering.com


To manage the types of communication you receive from Huxley click here.
Click here to unsubscribe




 

