 
Dear George,
 
Are you done in your current role as a team lead ? or are you a Senior Developer looking for that next step up in progression but being held back in a company that is not valuing your contribution or input?

Sick of working on the same old boring projects with old tech in a company that isn’t interested in listening to your ideas?

Breakups can be hard pill to swallow for employers especially when they are not offering what they initially stated, sound familiar? If so I might have the opportunity you have been holding out for.

My client are currently looking for 4 lead C#.NET developers to join their team, There is no line management duty planned at this stage. Just taking the lead organically and mentoring.

This is a one stage interview process, with offers within 2 days so no waiting around or 3 stage interviews, they appreciate you guys are in demand and want to secure your skills and expertise. I have already placed 3 Mid-level Developers in the last 2 weeks with this client and we are now looking for Lead Developers to join this talented team.

I’m working with a company that are looking at establishing a team within the Southwest initially of  C#.NET developers at various levels of experience from Mid to Senior level, with further plans for more to align with the company’s growth strategy.

An established Education Software company with over 30 years’ experience, having recently received an investment of £5m they are looking at growing the business initially supporting current customers in the form of design, implementation, delivery and after care solutions, and creating new solutions over the next 4 years providing plenty of exciting projects to work on.

This will have the feel of working within a start-up business but with the financial support and a client base of over 19000 education providers worldwide, the role will see you supporting clients, trouble shooting, and helping with crisis management.

This role would suit someone who wants to be part of a business looking to achieve big things and where they can develop their career offering progression.

Role – C#.NET Developer
Location –hybrid / remote working 
Salary – from £50k - £70k dependant on experience and current level

Role Responsibilities
Software development, Support, Liaise with customer, requirements and analysis, Installations, Testing, Mentoring team 

Technical skills:

C# .NET framework, .NET Core, Azure, Pl-SQL / T-SQL, Design patterns including MVC, Javascript, JQuery. HTML / CSS

This client are an absolute pleasure to work with and everyone I have had at interview have loved them, so if you want to find out more please do email me on j.anderson@computerfutures.com
Or call me on 07464475407 to discuss, if you have an up to date CV nice




Best Regards,

James Anderson

Computer Futures
4th Floor, Redcliff Quay, Redcliff Street, Bristol, BS1 6HU, United Kingdom
------------------------------------------------
T: 01179 103333
E: j.anderson@computerfutures.com
------------------------------------------------
www.computerfutures.com
 

To manage the types of communication you receive from Computer Futures click here. Click here to unsubscribe
 
 
 
 
 
This e-mail is sent for and on behalf of Computer Futures, a trading division of SThree Partnership LLP | Partnership Number: OC387148 England and Wales | Registered Office: 55, Basinghall Street , London, London EC2V 5DX , United Kingdom.
  
This electronic transmission is strictly confidential and intended solely for the addressee.  If you are not the intended addressee, or have otherwise received this transmission in error, you must not disclose, copy or take any action in reliance on the information contained within this transmission.  If you have received this transmission in error, please notify Computer Futures at audit.data@computerfutures.com immediately and permanently delete it.


